---
tags:
  - 📓
---

Goals for today:
- [ ] Progress on "Old incomplete"
- [ ] Select new SSG for WW

---

Attention is a funny thing  

Selective attention, awareness  
	What we attend to becomes part of our conscious experience, while unattended stimuli remain outside of our awareness.  

Conscious control  
	Attention allows for the conscious control of thoughts and actions, facilitating intentional and deliberate behavior.  

Resource Allocation  
	Attention manages cognitive resources by allocating them to tasks that require conscious processing, ensuring efficient use of mental energy.  

Subjective experience, qualia  
	The subjective quality of experiences is influenced by what we pay attention to. Attention shapes the richness and texture of our conscious experiences.  

Memory, encoding  
	Attention plays a critical role in the encoding of information into memory. Information that is attended to is more likely to be remembered.  

Introspection  
	Attention enables self-awareness and introspection, allowing us to reflect on our thoughts, feelings, and behaviors.  

Self-Regulation  
	Through focused attention, we can regulate our emotions and actions, aligning them with our conscious intentions and goals.  

Meditation and Mindfulness  
	Practices that involve focused attention, such as meditation and mindfulness, can lead to altered states of consciousness characterized by heightened awareness and clarity.  

Flow States  
	Deep engagement in activities, facilitated by intense focus, can lead to flow states where one is fully immersed and loses a sense of time and self.  

Attention Disorders  
	Disorders of attention, such as ADHD, highlight the importance of attention in normal conscious functioning. These conditions can affect perception, memory, and executive functions, altering the experience of consciousness.  

- [ ] Add [[Attention]], apparently
- [x] Fantasy baseball lineup
- [ ] Chores
- [x] 3pm disc golf
